Hey, Brian.
Hey.
How are we doing?
I'm great.
Ready to kick off this week's show?
Yeah.
Yeah, let's do it.
All right.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines
directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 408,
recorded Monday, November 4th, 2024.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
And I'm Brian Arkin.
And this episode is brought to you
by Scout APM.
You can get Python and Django
application performance monitoring
and Codeium, a free AI code completion
and chat tool.
That's pretty awesome.
So be sure to check them out.
We'll tell you more about both of them later.
Links are in the show notes.
You can connect with us on the socials.
Best place probably is Fostadon or Mastodon.
Sometimes people confuse us like,
oh, you have to be on Fostadon.
No, anywhere in Mastodon,
anywhere on that social network,
it's totally fine.
Doesn't matter where you are.
we'd be happy to chat with you there.
You can sometimes find us on X,
sometimes on LinkedIn,
but, you know,
Mastodon maybe.
Watch the show live at pythonbytes.fm
slash live.
Be part of the audience.
Usually, Brian,
usually at 10 a.m. on Mondays Pacific time,
but not today.
A little earlier.
And finally,
if you want a artisanal handcrafted digest
of everything that we talked about
written by hand for you
by Brian Okken,
just join our newsletter list.
Go to Python by Side of M.
click on newsletter.
We won't share your stuff.
Just for us to talk with you.
And,
with that,
Brian,
I believe
we are ready to kick it off.
It's both earlier
and slightly less early
than you expected.
Yes.
Right?
It's 7.30
for our time in the morning.
But actually,
is that 8.30?
I don't know.
Like,
time is weird.
It's been warped.
Yeah.
Time's on hold right now
until the end of tomorrow.
But we'll see.
No,
but time change.
But we're not going to talk
about time change.
We're going to talk about
GitHub Action Security.
So,
I ran across,
let's pop this up.
I ran across
Ned Batchelder's
GitHub Action Security
Zizmor.
Z-I-Z-M-O-R.
So,
it's not Ned's tool,
but he came across it.
So,
we'll talk a little bit
about what it does.
So,
it is,
I'm going to pop over.
It is,
Zizmor is,
it says it's
a tool for finding
security issues
with GitHub
Action Setups.
So,
what are we talking about here?
Really,
there's,
Action Workflows
are something
that I don't
actually look at
very often.
I update
when I think
I need to,
but I haven't done
a security audit
of them.
So,
I think it's a
decent idea
to think about that.
And,
and this article
from Ned
says he,
he went through
a lot of,
a lot of projects
and did find
some issues.
so,
I think he said
he found
some issues.
But he has,
he has a,
I mean,
Ned supports
a lot of projects.
So,
there was a bit
of work.
So,
in his,
in his article,
he also includes
a script
that he wrote
to go through
all of his
repositories
and to,
to audits
on them
for their
workflows.
So,
what do you do?
this,
this is more
tool.
It's,
it's not a pip install.
It is,
it is something
you can do cargo install
or brew install,
I think.
Yeah,
or you can get it
from source,
but,
but hopefully
one of those
will work for you
to,
to install it.
And then,
and then you just
point it at your
YAML,
your workflow
YAML files
and it does
an evaluation.
And then it does,
it,
it's looking,
it's,
this is still
sort of in,
I think they
said that it was
in alpha
or,
it says it's beta.
So,
it's in beta,
they're still working
on it,
but there's,
there's some things
that they're looking
for,
like,
like abandoned
projects and
things like that.
So,
I think this is a
kind of a cool thing.
I don't really pay
too much attention
to,
I sort of,
I have to admit,
I copy,
I find another
project,
a Python project
that's doing
something similar
that I want to do
and I kind of copy
what they're doing
in their,
their GitHub action
workflow.
So,
like something like
this is pretty good.
There is an audit
rules page
so you can see
what kind of things
it's looking for.
and there's not much
here yet
but I think
they'll add more.
So,
anyway,
that's a new tool.
Yeah,
looks great.
Looks very good.
I think we want
to stick with GitHub
here.
So,
I want to tell you
about some
pretty exciting news
but also
not just exciting news,
a pretty
powerful look
into the open
source world.
So,
the headline here,
I ran across this
and got a few
plus ones
from listeners
including Pat Decker.
So,
thank you Pat
for sending this in.
This is the Octoverse
report,
aka GitHub.
AI leads Python
to the top
language
as the number
of global
developers surge.
So,
we previously
said Python
is the number
one language
according to
Stack Overflow
questions,
right?
This is,
Python is the number
of,
this is the number
one language
as of
usage
on
GitHub
which is
I'd say
more meaningful
maybe.
I,
I don't know,
what does it mean
to be
number one
of a language?
Is that lines of code?
Is that numbers
of repositories?
of users?
There's many metrics
that could be used,
right?
Yeah,
I don't know.
This article is,
you know,
when I first saw it
I thought,
oh,
this would just be
like a little headline
or something.
This is a 25 minute
read according to
Pocket.
So,
this is a serious
beast.
And so,
I want to jump
over to Pocket
and why am I
using Pocket
in an omnivore?
Well,
hang in for the
extras at the end.
So,
let's see
a couple of things
here.
So,
first of all,
this is for GitHub.
We have 518 million
total projects
on GitHub.
Wow.
With 25%
year over year growth,
that's pretty crazy.
Over a billion
contributions
to public
and open source
projects.
That's not
private ones.
I think something
like 75%
or 80%
of contributions
are to private
repos.
But of the
public and
open source
ones,
that's a lot.
That's a lot.
And,
Python overtakes
JavaScript as the
number one language,
which is pretty
interesting.
So,
highlighted a couple
things here
because there's
just too much
here for me
to keep
in my head.
A rapidly
growing number
of developers
worldwide,
especially in
Africa,
Latin America,
and Asia.
This suggests
AI isn't just
helping more people
learn to write code
or build software
faster.
It's also attracting
and helping more
people become
developers.
First-time open
source contributions
continue to show
wide-scale interest
in AI projects.
Importantly,
we aren't seeing
signs that AI
has hurt open source
with low-quality
contributions.
Again,
what metric,
but interesting,
right?
That is interesting,
yeah.
And the headline,
at least for us,
is Python is now
the most used
language on GitHub
as global open source
activity continues
to extend beyond
traditional software
development.
I've long thought
that that's the
magic of Python
is it's not just,
wow, this is a
cool front-end
framework.
Or, wow,
this is a cool
server-like
language that many
people coming
from other areas
that are not
traditional developers
really dive into it,
right?
Yeah.
So we saw Python
emerge for the first
time as the most
used language.
The rise of Python
usage correlates
with large communities
of people joining
open source community
from across the
STEM world rather
than traditional
community of
software developers,
right?
No big surprise
there.
They also talk
about where people
are, where their
developers are in
the world.
there's three places
that notably stand
out.
And again, what is
the metric here?
I wish they were a
little more clear.
But if you look at
their, excuse me, if
you look at their
heat map thing, then
that would be the
United States by far
closely behind would
be India and then
China.
And then after that,
it tails off fast.
But is that divided by,
is that per capita,
right?
Like just maybe there's
more people in China
than, or in India or
America.
But if you look at
this, they've got some
cool projections into,
I think this is, they
have over time, but
they also have
projections into the
future, kind of like
Stack Overflow
Trends did when they
came out with their
big article.
So that's pretty
interesting.
And you can sort of
see where your place
lands.
I think there's, there's
a lot of interesting
things here.
Yeah, projecting into
the future.
They're projecting that
India is going to take
over the United States
and the U.S. is going
to fall to number two.
But also, like,
Indonesia jumps up
three places.
All right, a lot of
interesting stuff there.
Let's jump over and
grab a few more of
them.
Oh, no, go away thing.
This thing is so hard
to navigate.
It's so big.
Okay.
So there continues to be
an increase in first-time
contributors.
We saw 1.4 million new
developers globally join
the open source community.
And, yeah, notably, we
didn't see, again, this is
one of their metrics that
was actually they called
out.
Notably, we did not see a
rise in rejected pull
requests.
So, anyway, there is a
bunch to see here.
I think one more I'd like
to hit on is the rise of
Jupyter Notebooks.
If you look at their graph
of Jupyter Notebooks on
GitHub, it is the most
Silicon Valley hockey stick
dream you've ever seen,
right?
There's a little glitch.
Something in 2020.
I don't know what
happened in 2020.
Nobody remembers that
anyway.
but, no, just kidding.
Maybe a little
pandemic.
Other than the pandemic,
like, this thing is just
blasting off.
So this is really
interesting to see.
Yeah.
And AI is maybe following
a similar thing, just
ever so slightly behind.
Anyway, this is a deep
article that has lots of
insights across many, many
aspects.
So that's my big item of
the week, and I think
people should check it
out.
It's pretty interesting.
Yeah.
That's interesting.
A comment from Liz from
the audience.
My brother is a front-end
dev and started learning
Python last week because
he's feeling the need to
become full stack.
So job security stuff, some
of the JavaScript people are
learning Python also, maybe.
Yeah.
Thanks for sharing, Liz.
Awesome.
Cool.
Now, let's talk about one
of our sponsors before we
move on, huh?
All right.
Let me tell you real quick
about Scout APM.
They're big supporters of
Python Bytes, so we
appreciate that very much.
So if you are tired of
spending hours trying to
find the root cause of
issues impacting your
performance, then you owe
it to yourself to check out
Scout APM.
They're a leading Python
application performance
monitoring tool, APM, that
helps you identify and solve
performance abnormalities
faster and easier.
Scout APM ties bottlenecks
such as memory leaks, slow
database queries, background
jobs, and the dreaded N
plus one queries that you
can end up if you do lazy
loading in your ORM, and
then you say, oh, no, why
is it so slow?
Why are you doing 200
database queries for what
should be one?
So you can find out things
like that.
And it links it back
directly to source code.
So you can spend less
time in the debugger and
tailing logs and just
finding the problems and
moving on.
And you'll love it because
it's built for developers by
developers.
It makes it easy to get
set up.
Seriously, you can do it in
less than four minutes.
So that's awesome.
And the best part is the
pricing is straightforward.
You only pay for the data
that you use with no hidden
overage fees or per seat
pricing.
And I just learned this,
Brian, they also have they
provide the pro version for
free to all open source
projects.
So if you're an open source
maintainer and you want to
have Scout APM for that
project, just shoot them a
message or something on their
pricing page about that.
So you can start your free
trial and get instant
insights today.
Visit by them by set of him
slash Scout.
The link is in your podcast
player show notes as well.
And please use that link.
Don't just search for them
because otherwise they don't
think you came from us.
And then they'd stop
supporting the show.
So please use our link
pythonbytes.fm/scout.
Check them out.
It really supports the show.
Sure does.
Brian, over to you.
Sorry.
Yeah, I want to talk about
Python 313 again.
We talked about Python 313
quite a bit on the show so
far.
and we even talked about
14 last week.
But there's an article that I
ran across from Bytecode
saying Python 313, what
didn't make the headlines?
And there's a few things I
want to call out that I
actually missed also.
So I'm glad that they wrote
this up.
So there's we had a whole
bunch of nice new additions
to the REPL.
So like multi-line code
code block or multi-line code
editing and and some colors
and stuff.
But a lot of those have
trickled down to PDB now.
So I I didn't really possibly
I didn't notice this too much
because I usually debug within
VS Code or PyCharm.
but sometimes I do use PDB.
There's it's I'm glad it's around.
It's a nice Python.
PDB is the Python debugger if
you're unfamiliar.
But what did PDB get?
It got multi-line editing, which
is just cool.
It got code completion just like
the REPL.
What's some other things?
Break accepts dotted paths.
I really know what that means.
Huh.
So you can easily add breakpoints
to any lib dynamically.
Oh, that makes sense.
Is it maybe like dot dots slash
this or dot dot, you know,
kind of the relative imports?
Yeah.
Probably.
Anyway, mostly the first two I'm
really pretty excited about.
Code completion and multi-line
editing within PDB.
That's a great, great addition.
So cool to have those those go
into PDB as well.
Some and yeah.
What else do I want to highlight?
There's a few other things in
here that I thought were pretty
cool.
There's Pathlib had some a lot of
performance optimizations, which
is great.
Because I love I use Pathlib all
the time now.
So if it's a little bit faster.
Great.
Awesome.
I like that.
And shutil, shellutil.
Yeah.
Do you use shellutil much?
Yeah, a little bit.
Not a ton.
But when I want it, it's like
very welcome.
Yeah.
The shutil or shutil.
I never know how to pronounce
that.
It's probably shutil.
Anyway.
Yeah.
What did we say about that?
The shutil module providing
high-level file system operations
such as recursive delete and copy
has seen tweaks.
Many, many bugs were fixed and
options were added.
You can choose how to handle
sim links.
Oh, that's cool.
Ooh.
Yeah.
I'm going to have to check that out.
That's great.
And then one of the things about
virtual environments, which I did
not know, scroll to the end.
So I've been enjoying this with,
I've been, when creating virtual
environments with UV,
V,
MV, it creates a little dot get
ignore so that the entire thing gets,
your virtual environment directory
gets ignored.
But,
uh,
Python dash M V and V does that.
Now the built-in virtual environment,
um,
tool.
Nice.
Adds that as well.
Speaking of that though,
this is kind of a tangent,
but I just learned,
I can't,
I think I,
I can't remember where I learned it
from.
Somebody on,
uh,
on Mastodon,
um,
I think it may have been Jeff
Triplett,
but I'm not sure.
Um,
said that,
uh,
one of the things I've noticed when I
use a virtual environment created by
UV is that it doesn't install pip.
So pip's not there.
So you use uv pip instead,
but you can have it install pip there.
You could just,
um,
Oh,
what is it?
You,
you add a flag --seed.
I believe it is.
Dash dash seed.
That's it.
I'm glad I didn't write it down.
So,
um,
if you miss a pip from a uv virtual
environment,
add,
add it with --seed.
So anyway,
um,
cool.
I'm glad that,
um,
glad this article,
Ooh,
uh,
re functions such as find all split search
and sub,
um,
can now be interpreted.
Hmm.
Uh,
was,
which performed short repeated matches can now
be interpreted by the user.
interrupted,
uh,
interrupted by user.
I read that wrong.
Um,
so some of these could go off,
um,
go off and do things that,
uh,
that are evil and stop,
your,
your code.
And now you can control C it.
That's good.
So these are,
there,
there's lots of great new things in the Python 313.
I've just jumped in and started using it and I think it just
works great.
So,
uh,
that's very cool.
Yeah.
I switched to using it as well.
Anyway.
All right.
And Python bites the websites running on it too,
by the way.
So,
Oh,
nice.
Why wouldn't it?
Yeah.
All right.
So shall we talk conferences,
Brian?
Sure.
Let's talk conferences.
So I saw you had an extra on this,
but I had already pipped it for the main one.
See that for double meaning there.
So PyCon us 2025 is now officially announced in terms of specific details.
It's pretty cool.
I'm,
I'm pretty excited.
It's back in Pittsburgh because it's year two of the two year deal.
So if you went last year,
same deal,
if you didn't,
well,
we had a lot of fun there,
so you can check it out.
There's,
um,
many interesting things.
The website doesn't make it incredibly clear.
Oh yeah.
Here you scroll down far enough.
Perfect.
The breakdown.
So if you go down here to the breakdown,
I think this is probably the first question people have.
There's two questions.
I imagine many people would have straight up here.
The first one is when is it?
Cause it has a huge span of eight days that the conference is,
but it's not really those dates depending on what you want to do.
For example,
tutorials are may 14 and 15 2025,
but the main conference is 16 to 18.
there's a good chance that you will find me at the main conference.
I plan on going unless something comes up with family commitments or something I can't make,
you know,
but the plan right now for me is to go to the main conference and that's pretty much it.
But how about you?
Do you think you might go this year?
I have a hair appointment on that day.
No,
I understand.
Your hair is pretty amazing these days.
So it does need a lot of attention.
It's pretty far out.
I'm not sure.
Um,
I'm still on the fence with it.
with this one.
So,
yep.
Okay.
So that's question number one.
When is it?
Question number two.
Call for proposals.
No,
that's number three.
Number two is,
do I have to wear a mask all day?
Are we going into like a different time?
Are we going to like,
Hey,
let's pretend the world isn't the way it is,
but it is a different way.
No.
In fact,
that's exactly the policy that I hoped it would be.
And I strongly encourage it.
Just like the policy is mass are strongly encouraged,
but not required.
Please respect people who wear their choose to wear a mask.
Great.
If you don't want to,
you don't have to.
Yeah,
that's great.
That seems reasonable.
That seems congruent with the world right now.
I might go extreme and,
and wear like a mask and flight goggles.
I was going to say,
put on like some ski gear,
put on some goggles and a helmet and.
Snorkel.
No,
this is,
I,
yeah,
snorkel.
Well,
just bring your,
your Apple vision pro,
put on your snorkel.
Yeah.
That'd be funny to put like a,
like a COVID mask on the top of the snorkel at the end.
Yeah.
A little,
no,
this,
this is really good.
So they're taking lots of precautions,
you know,
as you should hand sanitize,
hand sanitizing stations.
Conferences are full of germs,
regardless of COVID.
Please have these kinds of things.
Right.
And things like,
Hey,
we have outdoor areas where eating will be available.
If anyone's listening.
and they're,
they're in charge of this.
I just want to encourage you.
Yes.
Chairs,
please.
Last time there was a roof area with a,
like a cover and it was beautiful.
You could see over the river and there were these tall,
tall tables,
no chairs.
And my back just hurt so much after carrying all the recording equipment on my
back for half a day.
I'm like,
I just got to sit down somewhere.
There was literally not a single chair.
like,
could there just be a chair?
So chairs,
please.
Some chairs.
But other than that,
I think this is great.
So one chair with a tag on it.
This is for Michael.
Yeah,
exactly.
Please reserved.
The dude's back hurts a lot.
Just look at him.
He's whinging over there.
All right.
And then somewhere in here,
there's call for proposals.
Speaking.
Under speaking.
Yes.
Preparing the talk.
Important deadline.
We have just over a month.
But it's open now.
You can start.
Yeah.
So there it is.
There it is.
So awesome.
I'm excited.
Oh,
hopefully I'll be there.
Super excited.
I think I'll get a couple of talks.
Yeah.
See,
look at that.
Look at that.
Yeah.
Very good.
Plus the website is beautiful.
I like that.
It is.
I like the design.
It's got a good,
it's got a good fun vibe.
And I know you have previously,
maybe still do skateboarding.
Look at that guy just riding that rail there.
I mean,
already you want to go,
right?
Is there?
They're probably going to have skateboard,
skate parks at the conference,
I guess.
Yeah.
I would say why not.
I imagine.
Why not?
Oh,
the snake.
A sweet,
a sweet half pike,
half pipe.
Yeah.
That's what is the snake riding?
Anyway,
it's sort of a skate.
I think it's a skateboard with beans on the line.
Oh,
no,
those are just,
I don't know.
Those are just good wheels.
Yeah.
Well,
we're trying to put a lot of meaning into this.
No.
Anyway.
Okay.
All right.
Well,
before we get to our extras,
let's quickly talk about Codeium.
This portion of Python Bytes is brought to you by Codeium,
the AI tool of choice for professional software developers.
That's C-O-D-E-I-U-M.
Codeium removes tedium from your development through a suite of state-of-the-art AI capabilities
available with extensions in all of your favorite IDEs.
Use Codeium in VS Code,
the JetBrains IDs,
including PyCharm,
Visual Studio Proper,
Eclipse,
Xcode,
NeoVim,
Jupyter Notebooks,
and more.
Uniquely,
Codeium is fully enterprise ready with over a thousand paying enterprise customers,
including multiple regulated Fortune 500 companies in completely self-hosted air gap deployments.
Join over a million developers and use Codeium for free forever.
Once you see the value,
then it's time to ask your company to consider a free trial of the enterprise plan.
To learn more about Codeium and get started today for free,
visit pythonbytes.fm/Codeium.
That is pythonbytes.fm/C-O-D-E-I-U-M.
Don't forget the E.
Or just click the link in your podcast player's show notes.
Thank you to Codeium for supporting Python Bytes.
Awesome.
How about extras?
How extra are you feeling?
I only got one extra.
And that is to say,
this is from Jeff Triplett saying,
please publish and share more.
And he did talk about this on Mastodon a little bit.
The thought is that he sees a lot of great ideas on Mastodon and people posting.
And the thought process and research and stuff that goes into publishing a couple of those ideas and maybe their threads,
you're almost to a post.
Just write it up.
And I totally agree.
It's great to post on social media,
but why not just write it on a blog and then do a snippet of it and link to it from Mastodon or whatever social you're posting it on.
Totally agree.
And I encourage people to do that more.
And there's a little bit around it,
like talking about,
he says he uses Grammarly because of dyslexia,
which is,
I didn't know that about Jeff.
That's pretty cool.
And I don't mean to plug Grammarly,
but it did help one of my kids get through college.
This episode is sponsored by Grammarly.
But if you don't want to pay for something,
he's also recommending something called Language Tool.
There's a link to it in his post.
It's pretty cool.
But also,
you don't really need to do that.
It's fine to just,
I mean,
we're all nerds here.
Write up something you learned,
post it on a blog,
and link to it in a Mastodon post or something.
Let us know about it.
And,
you know,
if there's something glaringly technical editors or technical errors,
one of your readers will let you know to fix it.
But it's to be nice.
It's not to be mean.
And I encourage that too.
I don't,
I actually don't use any grammar checkers when I'm writing blog posts.
I just put it on there.
Nice.
Yeah,
you and I both have our blogs.
on Hugo,
which you write with Markdown.
And I have a little bit of a hack for folks if they also do that.
I've started writing my posts,
my longer posts at least,
on something like Google Docs,
where you get grammar checking and help and auto-complete and all that kind of stuff.
And I've found if you just control A,
control C,
and paste it into Typeora,
it will Markdownify everything.
like H2s become hash hash things,
and all the links become bracket links,
and bolds,
all that kind of stuff.
Really,
really nice.
if you want a little bit of support,
but then you're also doing Markdown,
that's a pretty sweet one.
Paste it to where?
Appfora?
Typeora.
What?
Typeora is an amazing Markdown editor.
Yeah,
Typeora is really good.
Huh.
I usually just use VS Code,
and it does enough grammar and spelling checking for me.
Did you know that Typeora you can save as an EPUB file if you want?
Mm-hmm.
Okay,
that's pretty cool.
I mean, all sorts of good stuff in there.
You can write an e-book.
Exactly.
Anyway,
that's pretty cool.
All right.
I got a couple extras,
but I'll go quick.
I just recently had Stephanie Molin on to talk about pre-commit hooks.
I think I talked about that.
That was going to be on,
and now it has happened.
Now I'm talking about it having happened.
The reason I bring that up is one of the things that I just ran across is pre-commit uv.
So this is pretty cool.
From the Tox dev group.
uses uv to create virtual environments and installing packages for pre-commit rather than regular ones.
So that's pretty cool.
So, you know,
that's something that Tox and Nox and friends all do a lot of.
So pretty cool.
People can check that out if they like.
Nice.
Why?
Why, Brian, was I using Pocket?
Did you see how much I had to struggle with that thing?
That's because my favorite read later thing is shutting down.
Omnivore is shutting down.
Not because they went out of business because they were awesome,
but because they got bought and they decided it's too expensive to run.
Text-based highlights?
I don't know.
It doesn't seem that intense.
It's not profitable enough.
It's not.
And I mean,
get on it, folks.
Because one of people who started using it,
because we recommended it,
pointed this out to me.
Omnivore will support exports of your data into JSON,
because what are you going to do with that,
until November 30th?
And then after that time,
we will be deleting all of your data.
So yeah,
have fun with that.
There's a lot of options.
Readwise has been recommended.
Pocket is an option.
Instapaper.
I found some really cool open source,
self-hosted ones.
I'm like,
no, Michael,
you don't need more things to babysit.
Just log back into Pocket.
I've been using Pocket.
It works for me.
It's not great,
but it works.
It's pretty good.
I didn't realize Instapaper was still around.
I was using that back in the day.
Yeah, I know.
Me too.
Back in the day.
It was a good one.
All right.
The voices, though.
And that's what they were required by.
They were required by this thing called 11 Labs,
which is all about creating Givit audio.
And I was pretty excited.
I'm like,
oh,
this might just make it even better.
free text-to-speech and voice generated.
I'm like,
okay,
I could just download that and check it out,
right?
But if you look at the pricing,
it's ridiculous.
I mean,
you get,
for five bucks a month,
you get 30 minutes of speech.
I mean,
that's like e-book,
audio book prices,
but they don't generate the book.
They just speak it.
For $11,
you get an hour and a half per month.
I'm like,
okay,
if your only purpose is to,
to read stuff in audio to somebody and say like,
you only get 30 minutes of it per month.
I don't know.
It's kind of weird,
but.
And the jump between that and 99 bucks,
11,
11 to $99.
That's a big jump.
That's a month.
That's not a year.
To have it read you text off the internet.
That's pretty steep.
So I,
I was kind of excited,
but I'm like not excited.
So the text in the show notes is curse you.
I'm never over.
Curse you.
Hey,
I talked about moving to Hetzner and some of the U S data centers.
And I played around with that.
And you know what?
Python buys a run on Hetzner right now.
Oh,
nice.
And talk Python and all the things because of the whole new Docker cluster sort of portable across cloud thing that I did before.
It was pretty easy to just try it out.
And I'm like,
Hey,
this works really well.
I'm going to try it because you get really nice new CPUs like AMD epic CPUs and stuff along those lines,
which is great.
And this is not a massive concern,
but wow,
are the prices good for this thing.
So for example,
check this out.
We could go to the U S and you could get it in Hillsborough or Ashland.
Ashland unfortunately makes more sense for the consumers,
but I wanted to run it locally here because Hillsborough is just outside of Portland.
Anyway,
Ashland,
but totally reasonable to run it for $13 a month or something or $20 a month.
Like for example,
they have a $25 a month,
eight gig,
eight CPU,
16 gig server with 20 terabytes of bandwidth.
That is a $250 AWS server and a $300 Azure server for 25 bucks.
So anyway,
pretty interesting stuff.
25 euro,
but that's,
yeah,
that's true.
Euro,
sorry.
It's,
they're pretty close.
Yeah.
E bucks,
euro bucks.
Okay.
Also,
we've talked previously about free threader Python over and over,
but there is now a pretty awesome new thing that you can do with uv.
I know we're talking a lot about uv these days,
but that's because it's making a big splash and it's really cool.
UV Python install --preference only managed.
And if 13,
three dot 13 T will create you either install or create you a virtual environment on three,
free threaded Python.
How cool is that?
Okay.
We've been waiting for that.
So that's cool.
Yeah.
That's really neat.
So probably the quickest,
you know,
you can see I ran an example.
I've been linking to a master on post,
a screenshot I posted in 2.53 seconds to install free threaded Python.
It's that close to,
and that's of course why the pre-commit hooks want to use this to install other things and so on.
Yeah.
That's pretty neat.
Also,
remember if you're going to try something like that,
you probably need to do a uv self update first.
Yes.
That's a very good point,
Brian,
because it doesn't check remotely.
It just knows what's burnt into the binary of uv.
And if you don't uv self update,
it will only possibly know the old one.
So yeah,
that's,
that's always the place to start with uv.
It seems.
Yeah.
I just updated a three through just the normal three 13 the other day and it wouldn't work.
Like why not?
And it was because I needed to self update.
Yeah.
Good,
good,
good deal.
All right.
That wasn't very funny,
but I have something.
I don't know.
We'll see if it's funny or not,
but I have something for you.
You ready?
Ready to close out with a joke?
Yes.
All right.
So we have different kinds of chairs in life.
Did you know that,
Brian?
Like you can have one of the gaming chairs.
You can have an,
I have a slightly uncomfortable chair,
so I don't move around away from my mic and go like this and then like this and like,
sort of keeps me fixed,
but it's not that comfy.
But I would like to present to you two types of chairs that are in opposition to each other
or,
uh,
no,
this is a synergy.
Let's call this a synergy.
You have a coding chair,
which looks like an office chair.
And you have the debugging chair,
which looks like a toilet.
Just two of the different types of chairs you may try to sit in.
Yeah.
Actually,
you know,
if,
if it's just the,
the thought process is,
um,
take your laptop to the bathroom.
I don't recommend it,
but,
but if,
I can't leave the bathroom,
my bug is still out there.
No,
no,
no.
Just get away from the keyboard for a while.
I agree.
Um,
but yeah,
it's,
yeah.
Yeah.
I think the message here,
the,
the underlying reality of the joke is that sometimes if you just step away,
it unlocks,
yeah,
unlocks problems.
I know when I was doing this migration of all my,
I set up,
I,
I couldn't get let's encrypt to work and that was midnight or something.
Stupid let's encrypt.
I went to sleep.
I was like Docker let's encrypt combo of not working.
Just woke up the next day.
I'm like,
yeah,
that'll do it.
And I just typed in some different boom off.
It went,
you know what I mean?
But I spent half an hour banging my head against it.
I,
so if this has been,
this hasn't happened to me for very long,
but it's been happened to me lately is,
is I'll be stuck on an issue.
And then,
and then I wake up early and I think,
and I think about the,
of one of the possible,
a possible solution,
something I want to try in the code.
And I'm like,
Oh,
what time is it?
I mean,
if it's like just only like an hour before normal,
it's fine.
But often it's like one in the morning.
Oh no,
I cannot get up.
right now.
I will be exhausted in the morning.
So just have to jot it down and go back to sleep.
Yeah.
Anyway,
cool.
Well,
great show as usual.
Thanks.
Thanks again,
Michael.
Yeah,
you bet.
Thank you for being here.
And thanks everyone for listening.
See y'all later.
Bye.
Thank you.